BC Hydro 2025 Integrated Resource Plan (IRP) Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) - Meeting #5 - July 2025 Summary of BC Hydro & FortisBC Energy Inc. collaboration on resource planning issues 3 As shown in Table 1, in the Inland region, FEI has more Comparable Residential Customers than BC Hydro because this region includes areas within FEI’s combined natural gas and electric service area. 2.1 Results Table 2 provides the Compound Annual Growth Rates (CAGR) in FEI’s billing regions for Comparable Residential Customers. Table 2: Comparable Residential Customer 21-Year Growth Rate Comparison FEI Region Compound Annual Growth Rate BC Hydro FEI Lower Mainland 0.8 % 0.5 % Vancouver Island 0.5 % 1.0 % Inland 0.3 % 0.7 % Columbia 0.5 % 0.5 % Note: Compound annual growth rates are calculated for the period of BC Hydro fiscal year 2024 to 2045 (calendar years 2023 to 2044). In the Lower Mainland, the BC Hydro CAGR is higher than that of FEI. We believe this is because not all new homes are connected to the gas network. A reason for FEI’s higher growth rates in Vancouver Island is the expansion of the natural gas network. As a result of this collaborative work BC Hydro and FEI have agreed to share the cost to procure Conference Board of Canada B.C. regional outlooks going forward. This collaboration will aid in aligning a single source and granularity of regional outlooks for population growth, housing stocks and other economic predictors across the utilities. 2.2 Methods To define the Comparable Residential Customers subset, we need to first understand how each utility defines, meters, and forecasts Residential Customers. BC Hydro Residential Service as defined under section 1.2 of the BC Hydro Electric Tariff Revision 21 is applicable for: 1. In Dwellings, including Dwellings where a portion is used to carry on a business; 2. In the common areas of multiple occupancy buildings if such common areas are used only for the common benefit of Dwellings in that building; and

BC Hydro 2025 Integrated Resource Plan (IRP) Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) - Meeting #5 - July 2025 Summary of BC Hydro & FortisBC Energy Inc. collaboration on resource planning issues 6 Table 3: BC Hydro Incremental Load from Fuel Switching Technologies (Source: BC Hydro 2025 Reference Load Forecast Scenario) Fuel Switching Technology Incremental Load from Fuel Switching (GWh) by F2050 Electric vehicles (Light-duty and Medium and Heavy-duty) 6,500 Zero Carbon Step Code (Residential and Commercial) 1,600 Gas pipeline and processing 2,900 Total 11,000 BC Hydro considers energy efficiency effects of B.C. Energy Step Code and provincial and federal minimum equipment standards as part of Residential and Commercial sector load forecasts. These measures generally reduce electricity consumption through conservation and therefore BC Hydro does not consider them as fuel switching. FEI, for its 2026 LTGRP in development, considers the possibility for all communities within BC adopting the Zero Carbon Step Code by the stated provincial timelines, as well as the B.C. Energy Step Code, Highest Efficiency Equipment Standard, City of Vancouver building codes, and provincial and federal minimum equipment standards. However, FEI estimates of the energy impacts of these measures are not currently available. Additionally, as part of FEI’s transportation demand forecast for its 2026 LTGRP, FEI provided preliminary on-road and short-sea transportation sub-segment demand as shown in Figure 1 and Figure 2, converted to GWh equivalent.